Chore: (Docs) Intro to Storybook changes for 6.4 (#545)
chromaui/learnstorybook.com: content/intro-to-storybook/angular/en/composite-component.md

![Testing library logo](/intro-to-storybook/testinglibrary-image.jpeg)

### Unit tests with Angular Testing Library

Storybook stories, manual tests, and snapshot tests go a long way to avoiding UI bugs. If stories cover a wide variety of component use cases, and we use tools that ensure a human checks any change to the story, errors are much less likely.

However, sometimes the devil is in the details. A test framework that is explicit about those details is needed, bringing us to unit tests.

In our case, we want our `TaskList` to render any pinned tasks **before** unpinned tasks that it has passed in the `tasks` prop. Although we have a story (`WithPinnedTasks`) to test this exact scenario, it can be ambiguous to a human reviewer that if the component **stops** ordering the tasks like this, it is a bug. It certainly won’t scream **“Wrong!”** to the casual eye.

So, to avoid this problem, we can use Angular Testing Library to render the story to the DOM and run some DOM querying code to verify salient features of the output. The nice thing about the story format is that we can import the story in our tests and render it there!

> Create a test file called `task-list.component.spec.ts`. Here we’ll build out our tests that make assertions about the output.

Reviewer: Seems like https://github.com/storybookjs/testing-angular would be a perfect fit here?

Reviewer: As far as I can tell, nearly all of the comments left on the Angular pages also apply (with some adjustments) to all frameworks. In this review, I'm not going to repeat these.

Author: @kylegach I tried testing angular and it started throwing errors left and right with TypeScript, even following the instructions provided in the Readme, hence why I left the angular testing library

Reviewer: Well, that's unfortunate. ☹️  Thanks for attempting! 🙏

Author: You know me, no need to thank! I was stoked to get the addon in and start using it but was a bit disappointed when it started to break left and right! I thought it would be an excellent addition to the tutorial.

![TaskList test runner](/intro-to-storybook/tasklist-testrunner.png)

Note that we’ve been able to reuse the `WithPinnedTasks` story in our unit test; in this way, we can continue to leverage an existing resource (the examples that represent interesting configurations of a component) in many ways.

> Notice as well that this test is quite brittle. It's possible that as the project matures and the exact implementation of the `TaskComponent` changes --perhaps using a different classname or a `textarea` rather than an `input`--the test will fail and need to be updated. It is not necessarily a problem but rather an indication of being careful about using unit tests for UI. They're not easy to maintain. Instead rely on manual, snapshot, and visual regression (see [testing chapter](/intro-to-storybook/angular/en/test/)) tests where possible.

Reviewer: "It is not necessarily a problem but rather an indication of being careful about using unit tests for UI."

This sentence was more correct before, as "This is not necessarily a problem, but rather an indication to be careful liberally using unit tests for UI."

Additionally, tools like testing-library make it _much_ more straightforward to write more resilient unit tests, making this entire paragraph less relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice as well that this test is quite brittle. It's possible that as the project matures and the exact implementation of the `Task` component changes --perhaps using a different classname or a `textarea` rather than an `input`--the test will fail and need to be updated. It is not necessarily a problem but rather an indication of being careful about using unit tests for UI. They're not easy to maintain. Instead rely on manual, snapshot, and visual regression (see [testing chapter](/intro-to-storybook/angular/en/test/)) tests where possible.
```
